Previously on From...
This place is fucking with your head
because it knows how much you
miss your dad!
I watched you have
two seizures in two days.
You're only angry at me right
now because you know I'm right.
When I found Mom out
by the Bottle Tree. I saw him.
He was eating her.
♪ We'll leavin'
on a jet plane ♪
What's wrong with you?!
- Show him what he did!
- Okay. Okay. Okay.
There's something about those dolls.
I think I've seen them before.
No! No!
- We have to...
- Donna!
What just happened?
I remembered.
I remembered how to hurt them.
Boyd.
I think the mushrooms kicked in.
Oh.
Show me what I used to know.
It's me.
When I was 12 years-old.
This is where the children
were sacrificed.
Tell me how we save them when
we've already failed!
Hi. Jade.
No! No!
Anghkooey.
Jade! Jade! Hey. hey!
How the fuck did we get here?
Jade. you never left.
I know what we have to do to go home.
I know how we can save the children.
You can't be serious.
I am telling you it is the only way.
To what?
To get everyone killed?
You wanna go into those tunnels
where those things live.
because you think the bones
of those children are buried down there?
Yes!
It's getting late. all right?
We should get some sleep.
Listen. I... I understand that
this all seems a little shaky...
A "little shaky"?
Is that how you'd describe this.
a little shaky?
We knew going into this. it was
an out-of-the-box swing.
If you're just gonna flatly
reject everything I found
based on how I found it.
then what the fuck did I even do this for?
All right. all right...
All right.
Let's just forget for a second
that you saw all this
during a mushroom-infused fever
dream. let's just...
...let's just put that aside
for a second.
Even if you're right. right.
and the bones are down there...
so what?
How does finding bones help us go home?
I'm not entirely sure yet.
Right.
Bones.
Okay. listen to me.
there are countless examples
throughout history
of cultures. of religions
that hold the remains...
the remains of the deceased...
in great reverence.
What do you think the Egyptians
mummified their rulers for?
This place. this fucking
nightmare that we are stuck in.
was built...
on a sacrifice.
What if the bones
are what anchor the spirits
of those children here?
I mean. have you ever wondered
why those creatures
never come out of the tunnels
during the day?
What if they're down there
protecting the very thing
that makes this place possible?
Which brings me back to the part
where you get everyone killed.
Nah.
Not if we do it right.
Oh. Okay.
Tell me what the right version
of this plan looks like.
Well. I mean. that's sort of
where you come in.
Look. I realize that there are
a lot of things in your head
right now that may turn out
to be really important.
But look at it from where I'm standing.
You want me to help plan a suicide mission
because of some things that you
saw in a mushroom trip!
What do I have to do.
what do I have to do to prove
to you this is real?
Yeah. I don't know.
- The door.
- What?
You and I went into the basement
in Colony House.
I already told you. we didn't go anywhere.
Yeah. that's right. we didn't.
And I've never been inside
the basement at Colony House
so I would have no way of knowing
what it looks like down there.
Jade. describing the basement
of Colony House
isn't gonna prove...
There was a hidden door.
Do you remember seeing any doors
in the basement of Colony House?
No.
So if we go there.
and we find that door.
would you at least consider
what I'm telling you about
these bones is true?
It'd be a start.
Come on.
Here you go. All right.
Explain to me why this was fun
for your generation?
- We didn't have phones.
- Interesting.
It's like social media from the Stone Age.
This is it! This. this is
the basement I saw.
It's a little more organized.
Yeah. we're trying to build a narrative
for the people that came before us.
See if we missed anything...
Boyd's just trying to keep me busy
because he knows that I want
to kill myself.
Oh.
How's that going?
I haven't slit my wrists yet.
So it's going well then.
What do you need?
I'm looking for a secret door that I saw
while I was on mushrooms
I found in the forest.
People have strange conversations here.
Yahtzee!
Come on!
Gimme a hand!
Okay.
Come on!
Just gimme a hand!
No. no. no. No. no. no.
It's supposed to be here.
- Jade...
- It's supposed to be here!
Everything else... Everything
else is exactly the same!
All right. Jade...
It's supposed to be here.
"[plays]
♪ When I was just a little boy ♪
♪ I asked my father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be handsome?" ♪
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ Here's what he said to me ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ Whatever will be will be ♪
♪ The future's not ours to see ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ What will be will be ♪
♪ Now I have
children of my own ♪
♪ They ask their father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be pretty?" ♪
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ I tell them tenderly ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ Whatever will be will be ♪
♪ The future's not ours to see ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ What will be will be ♪
Maybe the door... Maybe...
maybe it's just a metaphor.
Maybe the bones were a metaphor.
No! No! Listen. Look.
I understand that you have doubts.
Okay. if the situation were
reversed. I'd have doubts too.
And I realize what I'm
suggesting is incredibly risky...
It's fucking suicide.
Maybe...
Maybe for some. yeah.
Oh. you're okay with that?
What. we lose a couple of people?
Maybe a dozen?
How many is too many. Jade?
How many people are gonna die if you keep
sitting on your goddamn hands
doing nothing?
How many have you already lost. huh?
What the fuck did you say to me?
Say it again! Go ahead!
Say it again!
Boyd. there is only so long
that you can hold this place together
with grit and good intentions.
At some point. something's gonna give.
Something's gonna change.
You're gonna lose this whole fucking town.
Don't push me. Jade.
This is our chance. Boyd.
I went looking for answers
and I found answers.
This is our shot.
What was that about?
Let's go outside.
So. Jade thinks that digging
up these bones
is gonna somehow help us get home?
If the bones are even down there
in the first place. yeah.
That's his theory.
And Jade and Tabitha have
these memories because...
reincarnation.
Yeah.
Boyd. what do you think?
If you'd asked me before I got
worms under my skin.
or before I found magic rocks
in the forest
that protect us from monsters. what the...
Oh. look. I wasn't...
I wasn't tryin' to keep any of
this from you.
- I just...
- I know. I know. I know.
And I know things haven't
exactly been quiet lately.
They have not.
Remember the good old days when
we used to count the nights
where nothing bad would happen?
If you'd have told me that was
the good part...
There is something else
we need to talk about.
Look.
Oh my God. what's he doing?
Hey. What's goin' on?
- Victor's on the roof.
- What?
- Shit.
- What the...
Goddammit.
Victor!
Pretty nice view.
What are you doing up here?
When I was a boy. a man jumped from here.
He hated this place so much.
and he was so scared all the
time. so one day he jumped.
It took days for him to finally die.
He was trying to fix things
but he just made them worse.
Are you here because
of what I told my dad?
Yeah.
I shouldn't have told him any of that.
Hey. Victor.
The man in the suit.
he came here just like everybody else.
Is there anything else you can
remember about him?
Hey. hey. Vi-ctor.
I can try.
Okay.
Why don't we go inside?
Sara.
Julie.
Hi.
Uh. what's the paint for?
I wanted to do something nice for Sophia.
Make her feel more at home.
Nathan always used to say.
"A fresh coat of paint
will fix all your woes."
I... I don't know what color's
in the cans.
Uh. look. I just wanted to say I'm sorry.
I didn't really understand
what you went through.
But I think I do now.
Yeah.
Just wanted to say sorry.
Do you wanna help?
I have an extra brush.
Come on inside.
This man in yellow...
you told your dad he came to town
just like everybody else.
We thought his suit was funny.
He seemed like a nice man.
Was he alone when he came here?
Yes. I think so...
I don't know. I'm not sure.
Do you remember what kind
of car he came in?
It was big.
It was brown.
Big and brown.
Is that one of the cars
you took out to the woods?
I didn't want to see it.
Okay.
Hey. You think you could go out
there with us.
and show us which one it is?
Victor. hey. hey. Victor.
I'm not gonna make you do anything
that you don't wanna do. okay?
We just need to get as much
information as we can.
We need to find out if this
guy. this man...
whatever he is...
if it's something
that we've gotta worry about.
Just trying to keep everybody safe.
Will you help me do that?
Hey. it's...
It's okay.
- Okay.
- Boyd?
You in there?
Wha...
Hey. What are you doing back
so soon?
Uh. you need to come down to the shed.
Uh...
Hey. you doin' okay?
Have you seen Victor?
Yeah.
He's up in his room.
Where's Ellis?
He's fine. He went inside
to check on Fatima.
Patty's down at the clinic.
She got pretty banged up.
How?
Let's. uh. go inside.
The fuck Donna.
Who is that?
It was Roger.
I don't know how else to say this.
so I'm just gonna say it.
We were attacked by giant dolls
that came out of the lake.
And these are not just decorative.
Tabitha used it to kill one of the dolls.
Drove it right through the fucker.
The rest just walked away.
Sadly.
that was after they got a hold of Roger.
We found his body this morning.
Oh. Jesus.
We left some food
back up at the settlement
so we could bring back the totems.
We figured they'd be worth more
than a few bags of turnips.
Anybody need a drink?
'Cause I need a drink.
Say something.
It's just a lot to take in.
I'm not crazy.
No. I... no. I know.
I know. That's not...
After everything that this
place has done to you.
with everything that this place
is still doing to you.
I just don't understand
what's happening. okay?
And I just... I feel like there
is just so much more
that I should be doing to help.
And I feel... I feel like I am
the one that's failing here.
- No...
- No. I know.
That's... And I'm not just...
I'm not just saying that
so that you'll...
look. just...
just help me understand.
Um...
growing up. there were a lot of times
when I was afraid.
A lot of times when I felt powerless.
But those stories. about the Jinn.
Vishnu and Krishna. the Golem of Prague...
I understand now why my father
told me those stories.
The world was so fucking scary.
but if I could believe in magical things.
then that was something no one
could ever take away.
Look. we have seen so much darkness.
We've lived with so much fear.
I need to believe in magical things.
Victor?
Hi.
What are you doing?
I'm trying to remember stuff.
Bad stuff.
Is this about the suit
we found in the forest?
Why did you get so scared?
I don't want to tell you that.
Why not?
Because I told my dad;
he got...
he got really upset.
Why?
I just told you I don't
want to tell you that!
Well then. I guess I'm not gonna tell you
what happened at the settlement.
Fine.
Can I draw with you?
Yes.
The lake had monsters in it.
What kind of monsters?
Giant dolls.
Really?
What did...
What did your Mom do?
My mom killed one.
Your mom's...
Your mom's pretty tough.
Yeah.
Well. my mom was pretty tough too.
You know. she was always...
she always smiled. even...
even if she was scared.
Because she knew that we would
be scared if she didn't.
I don't think my dad's that strong.
Excuse me?
Have you seen the Sheriff?
No. he. um...
Try up at Colony House maybe.
Thanks.
Your name is Henry. right?
That's right.
You look troubled. Henry.
Well. it's been a bit of a day.
Excuse me.
Ah. you again. huh?
Why is there a bar inside
of a gas station?
Better question is.
why is there a gas station
in a town where no one can leave?
That's a good point.
Who makes the alcohol?
It's my understanding
there used to be a bartender here.
He's dead now. of course.
Do you mind if I join you?
I'm sorry; I didn't mean
to bother you.
No. uh. sit. please.
I didn't...
I didn't mean to be rude.
I get it. Trust me.
It's kind of amazing that
anyone here has the capacity
to do anything even remotely...
Here's to the resiliency
of the human spirit.
Let's be resilient together.
I'd like that.
How old are you?
Old enough to have buried my dad.
Old enough to grieve.
Touché.
All right. so you're
saying that those things
that attacked you. right?
You're saying...
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
What are you saying?
They were my dolls.
I was a little girl.
The man who took them from me
was afraid of them.
He said they gave him nightmares.
So he threw them in the lake.
But then. when the man died...
somehow they came to life.
Our fears become part of the forest.
So... What?
When the cicadas were all over town.
Sara told me Nathan had always
been terrified of them.
She thought that maybe
the people who die here.
that their fears. their nightmares
become part of the forest.
I think she was right.
- Goddammit!
- Donna...
How are we gonna tell people?
How are we gonna tell them
that they not only
have to worry about those
smiling pieces of shit
that come out at night.
but now we have literal fucking nightmares
that we can't even protect them from!
How much more can people
take before they just...
Why don't you just have a seat?
No. look. I just need to
splash some water on my face.
Donna?
Donna! Oh. oh. hey. Donna!
Donna! Donna. Donna?
Hey! Donna?
Hey. Donna.
Donna!
Donna. talk to me!
Go get Kristi now!
Yeah.
- Take the van!
- Yup!
Donna! Hey. do you know how
to check for a pulse?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Come on. Donna!
Come on!
I found the ointment.
Oh. great.
- There's not much left.
- Okay.
Okay.
This is gonna sting. okay?
But it's gonna keep it nice
and clean. okay?
I know. I'm sorry.
Just breathe.
Oh. I know.
You're doing great. Good.
Okay. Just breathe. I know.
Just breathe.
Press this here.
There we go.
Kristi!
Donna had a heart attack!
What?
Come on. Donna. stay with me!
Hey. watch out! Clear the way!
Back up!
Does she have a pulse?
What?
No. no. no.
She hasn't. she hasn't!
- How long has it been?
- I don't know;
Five. seven minutes. I don't know.
Okay. You started
compressions right away?
- Mm.
- Here.
Okay.
Clear.
Yeah.
Okay.
Continue compressions.
Come on. Donna. Come on!
Okay. pulse check.
No pulse.
Okay.
Continue compressions.
Come on. Donna.
Okay. pulse check.
No.
Clear.
Okay. go.
Come on. Donna.
- Okay. pulse check.
- Come on.
No.
- What?
- No. no. no.
Come on! Hit her again!
Hit her again!
Boyd.
Boyd. it's not gonna work.
I said. hit her again! Hey!
Don't you do this!
You don't die until
I say you die! You hear me?
You don't die until I say you die!
Open your fucking eyes!
Whoa. whoa.
What was that?
Did you see that?
- Yeah.
- Did you see it?
Her pulse is back.
It's weak. but it's back.
Donna? Hey!
Donna. can you hear me?
Is she okay?
Why isn't she...
I don't know. but we need the
monitor from the ambulance.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. I got it.
- Okay.
How are we gonna power them up here?
Power it?
Just don't worry about that.
I'll take care of that.
I'll take...
You just take care of her. okay?
Donna. can you hear me?
I haven't seen one of these
in years. Look at this.
Jade!
Hey. where are the wires?
- The what?
- Uh. sorry.
The extra wires from the radio
tower! Where are they?
- What's going on?
- Donna had a heart attack.
- Jesus!
- What?!
Jade. where are the fuckin' wires?
I-It's out in the shed! Come on.
Come on! Go!
What the fuck... what...
What the fuck is this?
Look. there was a problem
at the settlement.
- Who... Who is this?
- Jade! The wire!
It's under the thing!
Okay. help. help. help move him.
Come on. Yeah. ready?
Yeah. one. two. three.
Oh. sweet Jesus!
Fuck!
Jade. hey.
I promise. I'll explain everything later.
Jade! I need your help.
Donna needs your help.
Get your shit together.
- Okay! All right.
- Thank you!
Get the wires.
Come on.
Look. Watch out.
What's going on in
there? Is she gonna be okay?
Mom? What happened?
I thought you were outside.
Why is everyone standing by Donna's room?
Um...
Donna had a heart attack.
But she's okay. right?
Is she okay?
We don't know yet.
Everyone's doing whatever
they can. Hey...
But she was fine. Is it
because of the settlement?
- No.
- Because of the dolls?
No. no. no. it's...
honey. sometimes things like
this just happen to people.
- I wanna go see her!
- Ethan...
I wanna see her before she dies.
Hey. Don't say that.
She's not gonna die.
Yes. she is.
Everyone here dies.
So. please.
Just let me say goodbye.
Please.
Okay. Almost...
Almost got it.
Okay. we got it.
All right. Well?
Well. her vitals are really stable.
which is... which is good.
Okay. Then why isn't she awake?
Hey. no. talk to me.
Well. we just don't know how long
her brain's been deprived of oxygen for.
She's gonna wake up.
Kristi?
I don't know.
Hey. Um...
Tabitha's asking if she could
bring Ethan in here
for a second.
He's just really upset.
Uh. yeah. just for a second though.
Okay.
Donna?
I won't forget what you said.
That fear is what makes us heroes.
I promise I'll always
do my best to be brave.
I love you. Donna.
That doesn't get any better. does it?
No.
It does not.
And that. it seems. is the end of that.
I say we go for bottle number two.
My dear. I cannot find it
in my heart to disagree.
I can...
I-I can get it.
Ah...
Can I ask you something?
Fire away.
Why were you staring at that
suit in the Sheriff's Station?
I'm sorry. I didn't...
I didn't mean to pry.
No. it's all right. it's just...
the man who wore that suit.
He did things.
To my family.
He did horrible things.
You have family here?
Well. just my son now.
He came here with my wife and daughter...
forty years ago.
And that... that man.
Where is he now?
Rotting in hell. I hope.
I say we drink to your family.
And to your father.
And to my dad.
Wait.
There has to be something around here
that'll make that taste better.
Uh. there's not. Trust me.
I've-I've looked.
Well. maybe you just didn't
look hard enou...
Ow!
What happened?
Just some broken glass.
Ooh. uh. well. now.
That doesn't look too bad.
Lemme see.
There's gotta be a clean rag
around here somewhere.
You closed?
What're you doin'?
I'm gonna make food for
everyone up at Colony House.
Why?
Donna.
She had a heart attack.
Oh shit.
Um. is she okay?
We don't know yet.
You want some help?
That'd be nice.
Lemme take that.
It's weird doing something normal.
I'd almost forgotten what it was like.
What do you miss most?
Like. not the obvious things...
the little things.
Candy.
I... I miss candy.
I had a real sweet tooth.
What?
Nothing.
I'm trying to picture you
on a couch somewhere
eating a box of Milk Duds.
Oh. I was more partial
to gummy worms.
Gummy bears.
Really. all things gummy.
I like doughnuts.
Oh. doughnuts.
Yeah. I forgot about doughnuts.
There was this... this store
that my dad used to take me...
this doughnut shop...
when I was a little girl.
Just me and him.
A stupid daddy/daughter thing.
But one day I...
I told him I didn't want to go anymore.
I just wanted to hang out with my friends.
I wish that I...
Can I ask you something?
Sure.
Before. you said
you understood what I went through.
How?
Something here convinced me
that I could still help my dad.
Like. I could go back
to the day it happened and...
I could...
I could save him.
I can't do that.
Can I?
I'm so sorry that happened to you.
Hey.
Any news?
No. No. nothing.
Nothing yet.
You. uh. you talk to Fatima?
Yeah.
And?
Well. my wife is building a
monster in a room full of dirt.
Hmm.
And. yet. I think it's exactly
what she needs right now.
Yeah.
She awake?
No. not yet.
You can go sit with her if you want.
Hey.
I'll give you some space.
All right.
If anything changes. you let me know.
Yeah.
- I'll just be outside.
- Okay.
All right. you can cut the shit
now and open your eyes.
I want you to listen to me.
Okay?
I cannot...
I cannot do this without you.
So you better wake the hell up.
you hear me?
We got things to do. you and me.
I'm not saying goodbye. you understand?
I ain't fucking saying goodbye.
What are you
gonna do if she doesn't wake up?
What the hell kinda question is that?
A practical one.
Make sure you get those nice and thin.
I said I'd help.
not cut off my fingers
for a pot of your stew.
It's really good stew.
Mm-hm.
Uh. make them a little bit chunkier.
Why are you lurking
over there in the corner?
Get in here and chop some veggies.
- Oh. no. I was...
- I wasn't askin'.
Okay.
We're a handsome fuckin' pair. huh?
You remember the night
that me. Abby. and Ellis rolled into town?
Yeah. Pretty sure Abby
wanted you to shoot me.
You scared the shit out of us!
Runnin' into the middle of the street
like a goddamn lunatic!
Then you bring us down
into some dugout bunker...
and there was Donna.
And Dale... Dale. Dale was
there too. You know.
Remember the first question
Donna asked me?
No.
"Do any of you snore?"
I didn't know what the fuck
she was talking about.
We just heard monsters
screeching in the forest
and then climbed into a hole.
and this lady is talking about snoring.
Then she looked at me.
calm and steady. and said.
"If you snore.
they'll find us."
Right there in the middle of all the fear.
the disbelief. the pants-shitting chaos.
little voice in the back
of my head said. "This one...
yeah. she knows how to survive.
We might be okay."
That's what got me through that night.
The darkest. scariest night of my life.
and she's the one that got me through it.
I don't think I ever told her that.
We. did we bump heads in the beginning.
She made it very clear that
she did not like me at all.
No sir.
So. what changed?
I don't know. I like to think that
we got to know each other a little.
The answer is. I don't have
the slightest fucking idea.
Answer to what?
You asked me what I was gonna do
if she didn't wake up.
Then it's time to get these people home.
Look. this might not be
the moment to bring this up.
but Jade already told you
what you need to do.
You're really just gonna ignore
that over a missing door?
I mean. the fact that Donna's
lying here right now...
You're right. This is not
the goddamn moment!
Boyd?
Oh. hey. hey. hey. hey.
Oh. shh. shh. shh.
It's okay.
No. no. no. no.
You're okay.
- Boyd?
- Hey. do... hey. You're here.
You're okay... Kristi!
You're here. You're here.
- What?
- Get in here. get in. get in.
You're okay.
- Hey.
- You're all right.
Donna?
Hey. Donna.
Oh. God.
I know.
Can you look at me? Donna?
- Hey. hey.
- Just breathe.
Good.
Yeah.
You need to squeeze my hands. okay?
Okay.
- Uh. Dad?
- Uh. yeah.
Uh. she's awake.
Oh my God.
She's uh...
hey. would you. uh...
- Okay.
- Would you tell everybody?
Thank you.
Yeah.
Hey. guys. she's awake!
Hey. did you hear that?
Yeah.
Guys. she's awake!
Hey. She's okay?
Yeah. Yeah. she is.
- Okay.
- She's. uh... yeah.
Okay.
I'll be...
I'll be right back.
Uh. there you go.
Good as new.
Sort of.
Should we drink to my good health?
Why not?
Ooh.
That one had some kick.
You know what I was thinking. Henry?
I do not.
But I am near certain you
are about to tell me.
It's the strangest thought.
but I just can't shake it.
You know. we're trapped in a
town we can't escape from.
surrounded by monsters that
come from the forest at night.
None of it feels real. does it?
Have you ever wondered if maybe
this is all just a dream?
Great news about Donna.
It's just too bad about Roger.
You can't let me have
a fuckin' minute. can you?
Oh. I'm sorry.
Take as much time as you need.
I'm sure it's fine.
It's not as though murderous dolls
climbed out of a lake
and attacked your people.
All right.
What Tabitha said about people's fears.
their nightmares becoming part
of the forest
after they die. is that true?
I think it might be. yeah.
"Tip of the spear."
What's that?
This guy named Martin once told me
that those things that come at night.
they're just the tip of the spear.
The bones of those kids.
are they down there?
- Are they in the tunnels?
- I don't know.
What the fuck do you know?!
That you're running out of time.
Hey. how am I supposed to take people down
into those tunnels. when
I don't have a fucking clue
if what Jade saw is even real?
Some things you just have to
take on faith.
I...
Not with something like this.
You wanna fuck with me?
Huh?
You wanna test me. huh?
What the hell?
You wanna fuck with me?
You want me to go down in those tunnels?
You want me to risk people's lives?
Then show me the fucking door!
Holy shit.
We're gonna need a plan.